# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?<br>-Responsive web design is programming a web page to be responsive to more than one device, browser etc. Through the use of web design, a web page becomes more universal. I feel this is an excellent practice considering the various ways that someone is able to visit websites.
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?<br>-The increased use of smart phones and tablets to access the web have changed web design significantly. You want all of your visitors and clients to recieve the most out of your web page. Responsive web design will not change everything for the future because Technology will grow and expand. I think responsive web design will also be ever changing to make websites universal to new and upcoming technoligies.
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?<br>-After some research, I realized that blind people need to use not only a screen reader to use the web, but the website needs to be formatted to work with one. The way a screen reader works, is that it reads what is on the website while the user can tab forward and backwards from different headers and areas on the website. If the website is not formatted to work with a screen reader, a blind person will not be able to visit that website. I feel that responsive web design has the ability to grow to make websites universally accessable to people who use screen readers in the future.
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?<br>-The idea that websites should be easily accessable to people who use smart phones and tablets has really resonated with me. I use my smartphone for various things. If I need to read something really quick on the internet, I will just use my phone, even if my computer is right next to me. I did not like how I had to tailor each of my web pages separately using responsive web design, though I feel once I have more experience, I will understand how to make a web page responsive quickly.
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.<br>-Ever since I've heard about <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/">MDN</a>, I have used it for learning various syntax. Everything I look up is displayed in an ordered structure that is eas for me to understand when I need to refrence something really quick.
